Homework for Chapter 2 of Learning MySQL (2006 edition), from p. 94:

Exercises:
1) What is command completion?
Command completion finishes the commands you're typing based on what you've already typed.
Makes typing a long strings of commands or traversing directory trees easier.
2) What are the relative advantages of installing MySQL using the package,
 directory archive (tarball or "no-install", or compiled methods?
When I'm working with Linux systems, I like using the package manager, because it will grab the
most recent distribution so you have the most updated system.  With the no-install options, you have
a working installation all ready to go, just drop it in your file system and go.
3) How do you verify the integrity of downloaded packages?
With *nix, I check the hash using the MD5 command.  If you're using Win*, you can use the Version Id Check tool.
Same results, different tools.
4) How do you add the MySQL bin directory to the operating system path?
Use the 'path' command or manually edit configuration files.
Additional Exercises (not in the book): 
1) Document how you installed MySQL and any issues you came across with installation. 
 (The goal is to be easy to install it again on a similar machine.)
I have two separate MySQL installations.  I have a Windows box that I installed XAMPP using the no-install option.
The windows install was fairly simple, but I don't want to use it for production.  I did have some problems getting
the mysqld client program working, but I didn't have my path set properly.  When I tried the 'path' command, I
misplaced some characters.  I fixed it by opening the environment variables and fixing it that way.
I also installed an Ubuntu 12.04 server on a Virtual Box.  For this installation, I used the package manager
'apt-get' installation.  The only problem I had with this was accessing the server from outside of the 
virtual environment.  I can access the phpMyAdmin controller without an issue, but when I use a mysqld.exe to 
access using command line, no luck.  If I log in to the VM, I can access the server using the command line.  Still
working on that issue.
2) Document where important files should be.
The server installation files are in the XAMPP/MySQL/ folder.
The Virtual Machine has the database server installation files as /usr/share/mysql.
Do not forget to do a pull request when your homework is complete.
